Explain how to install gomplate on Windows (#1121)
hairyhenderson/gomplate: docs/content/installing.md

🍺  /home/linuxbrew/.linuxbrew/Cellar/gomplate/3.8.0: 6 files, 7.8MB
```

> ## [![Chocolatey](https://img.shields.io/chocolatey/v/gomplate.svg)](https://chocolatey.org/packages/gomplate) Ms Windows with Chocolatey
> 
> The simplest method for MS Windows is to use [choco](https://community.chocolatey.org/packages/gomplate):
> 
> ```console
> choco install gomplate
> ```
> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: Just some mild nitpicks:

```suggestion
## [![Chocolatey](https://img.shields.io/chocolatey/v/gomplate.svg)](https://chocolatey.org/packages/gomplate) Windows with Chocolatey

The simplest method for installing gomplate on Windows is to use [`choco`](https://community.chocolatey.org/packages/gomplate):

```console
choco install gomplate
```

```
